this is showing the pilot version of the voice
car computer all this for now
works on my tablet through 3g bodies
happens in a regular car in
neighborhood guest of trust try with him
talk hi machine first say
where i am went to office moscow
red square house 1 yes that 's right here
such a thing can also be used
and other navigation programs
for example from Yandex
run yandex cards
launch x cards thanks please
run
Yandex Navigator
sex on the berry but cool well done chief
screen bye
Well, so our system allows you to manage
all sorts of navigational things in
further and cover voice
activation can do everything at all
no touch mobile services
On 5 you can find out which region is which
car belongs
let's say there is a car with a region of 53
I do not know what it is honestly I do not know
Now I ask the cube what region 53
Novgorod region
and what region 90 and how do you think to wash
me car
thanks for the advice to listen to the news
wasn't boring before you do it
first find out if there are any traffic jams
what traffic jams in Moscow
tell the latest news
want more
come on
what is hunting
Hunting and to century in Russia this word
there are more definitions say let's
You can also listen to not just news
she will tell you how he has a specific topic
car news on the road need
something to count or remember was
your computer and great with that
copes for example remember that gasoline
worth 29 rubles so much
twenty nine multiply by 45 what am i
I asked you to remember perfectly thanks
say this is the concept of voice
the operating system is all our skillful
intelligence consists of voice prague
the temple than their number will be as
development will increase by some programs
user can for example disable
so every device will be with
unique feature set system
will be able to talk about what she has and
how to use it now show that
you are able to
gas programs tell further
continue to talk Wikipedia Wikipedia
come on when lermontov was born when he
died bye
date